yeah guys today I'm going to show you my
new thing at the moment I've got my all
black theme on over and show you this
beam in another video on my channel and
I've done the custom boot logo and all
that so head over to my channel to find
a buyback so today I'm going to be
showing my other custom theme so I just
changed the female for now right does
this one just change you know right so
this team's goal of course I don't know
why it's called dance kind of stupid
name to be honest and the theme is
basically a completely see-through thing
so if you're on him everything I see
fruit which I personally think that's
really really small so with everything
as I said it's all seafood and at times
it is really really annoying but on
other times it is quite a nice thing I
say for instance i will opener and a
program so obstinate spirit and as you
can see this is one of the things I
don't like about thing here is your exit
full screen or clothes and also get me
up on up well basically this exit full
screen and minimums and you can't see
them so you have to just guess
roundabout where they are but most
people know where they are anyway so
that is the
pretty much the only of hair cover beta
software after everything else just
looked really nice like this that's real
classy because the top here it's red
blue drink instead of the X in the
square and the line to make my nose so I
personally think this is a lot lot nicer
so yeah that's my review on the theme so
hope you enjoy it please download and
rates of rights in a bit